Protecting you is back. Laughed at me.
Miss your husband, do you know?
I really don’t pursue it anymore for a long time,
And he will never return to the company.
How did you do that?
Nothing, do you have the direction of the road in your hand?
After all, he wanted to join the company.
Yes. The important thing is that I'm okay. Yes.
I'm going to Jiangcheng in the next few days. There's a competition.
I'm not at home, you and others take care of yourself. Yes.
You are like this anyway, and you don’t even ask me when I will come back.
Are you going to compete?
you are over
I'm sure I'll be back
In addition to fully supporting you
What else can be done
How many days is it?
I also want to know why it’s been so long for three years.
Did you say work?
I will definitely support it
But I ordered them all
I like you so much. Big talk.
Do you know all the ratios?
movement in motion
What memory should be paid attention to in sports competitions?
It's all your fault
I can't help but save people
Stay with you every day
How do you answer this sentence?
Then stop talking
You choose what you mean